feat: [CDS-92895]: improve docs for tanzu command with manifests (#5662)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/tanzu/tanzu-command-step.md

### Using manifests in your scripts

In order to use defined manifests in the Service in Tanzu command script you have to use a special expression `${service.manifest}`

If you are using remote Manifest files via a Git repo, ${service.manifest} refers to the File/Folder path containing your manifest files and ${service.manifest.repoRoot} refers to the root folder of the repo.

> For example, you can use `${service.manifest.repoRoot}/tas/manifest.yml` to access the /tas/manifest.yml from your repo, and `${service.manifest.repoRoot}/tas/vars.yml` to access the /tas/vars.yml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can use `${service.manifest.repoRoot}/tas/manifest.yml` to access `/tas/manifest.yml` from your repository and `${service.manifest.repoRoot}/tas/vars.yml` to access `/tas/vars.yml`.
```
